Hi, I'm Charles Stewart Jr, and I'm going
to show you how to begin an Illustrator drawing.
Adobe Illustrator is a really awesome program.
If you've ever played with PhotoShop it's
a lot different than you would think. It goes
about things a little bit different than PhotoShop
does, and really Illustrator is used for designing
print work and ads and stuff like that. And
there's really a lot of cool stuff you can
do with it. So first you want to open Adobe
Illustrator up, so you just click on the icon
and it'll load up. And then just click new
document, and then from here it'll tell - you
know give you the parameters in which you
want to work in. You know if you're, let's
say you're creating a flier for a band or
something like that. You could say you know
the dimensions of your flier, you can say
well, size, it's a letter, or you can go for
screen size or whatever, but, for the sake
of this, by default, it's just letter sized,
which is your standard eight by eleven, you
know you can go in and name your project,
we'll just call this temp. And then CMYK Color
RGB. CMYK is used for print work. Printers
print CMYK and RGB is more what your monitor
displays. So if - let's say you're going to
do something with Illustrator, and then move
it into PhotoShop, you'll probably want to
stay with RGB, but if you're wanting to print
whatever you're making here, stick with CMYK.
So, just hit okay, and then it'll create the
art board that you're going to work on. And
really, it's hard to sum up exactly everything
Illustrator does in one clip. The best thing
to do is to go in and start playing with it.
Again like you can choose from different shapes,
stars, all this stuff, square, and you know,
just make it, and then just get creative with
it. Start playing with all the tools in there,
you can change colors around, do all kinds
of cool stuff with it, and make you know,
it lets you choose fonts, you can create words,
and really make a cool flier, or advertisement,
ads, stuff like that. So get in there and
play with it, and this is pretty much how
to start an Illustrator drawing.